Questions - in each case write your interpretation. Affair value >0 = affair, otherwise no affair
Open or Import the data in the system
How many rows or columns are present?
What is the data type of each column? If there is mismatch in data type then correct it
Remove the first column which is un-named
Create a new column affair_status where code 0 in affair indicate No and rest other values indicate yes.
is there any missing values in dataset?
How many males and females are present in the dataset? Create a count table and % table and visualize the %table?
What is the most common age in the dataset?
Is this overall common age differ by male and female? Visualize it and interpret the output
Do male more involved in extra marrital affair then women?
Usually in which age women are tend to involve more in extra marital affair?
Does low number (<5) of years married impact for extra marrital afair OR in later years?
Does low or high numbers of married years have more impact on male or female for extra marital affairs?
Is there any relation between age and years married for extra marital affair?
How many children or non children values are present in the dataset? Show it by count and % and visualize the %
Does having no children result into extra marital affair?
What is the distribution of religiousness in our dataset?
Do less religious people have more extra marital affair or more religion people?
What is the probability of male having an affair?
What is the probability of male with Children having an affair?
What is the probability of affair for male with high religiniousness vs male with low religiousness?
Do probability of female with children are more inclined to affair than female with no children?
Test the hypothesis "Male and Female are equally attracted to external affair".
Test the hypothesis "Male having children engage more in external affair than female".
If 5 males are randomly selected, then what is the probability that they do not have affair
Divide the dataset in target and features dataset
Decode the categorical variables for machine learning
Create a Train and Test Dataset
Apply the machine learning on train dataset and create machine learning model
Evalaute the model on Test Dataset
Provide your own input to the model and find the model prediction
